# Household Objects

* bathroom
  - I'm gotta _(have to)_ go to the bathroom.
  - I'm wanna _(want to)_ go to the bathroom.

* bedroom
  - I'm here, in my room.
  - Go to your room, right now!

* kitchen
  -  I'm in the kitchen.
  -  I'm cooking.

* toothbrush
  - Did you brush your teeth? 
  - Brush your teeth.
  - First, I must brush my teeth.

* toilet paper
  - There is no toilet paper!
  - There is no more toilet paper!
  - Someone forgot to replenish toilet paper!

* toothpaste
  - There is no more toothpaste!

* juice
  - Make some juice, please.

* table
  - Set the table.
  - Can you set the table?  

* glass
  - A glass is missing.
  - Do you need more glasses?
  - Did you put glasses?

* cutlery (fork, spoon, knife)
  - Do you need more cutlery?
  - Did you put cutlery?

* refrigerator
  - Your food is in the refrigerator.
  - Do I keep this in the refrigerator?

* microwave
  - Heat the food in the microwave.
  - Heat it in the microwave.

* Living Room
  - The remote is in the living room.
  - Let’s watch TV in the living room.

* Sofa
  - Sit on the sofa, please.
  - The sofa is very comfortable.

* Chair
  - Bring a chair to the table.
  - Is this chair free?

* Lamp
  - Turn on the lamp.
  - This lamp gives great light.

* Carpet
  - The carpet is dirty.
  - Please vacuum the carpet.

* Mirror
  - Look at yourself in the mirror.
  - I broke the mirror!

* Bookshelf
  - Put the books on the bookshelf.
  - The bookshelf is full.

* Laundry Basket
  - Where is the laundry basket?
  - Put your clothes in the laundry basket.

* Washing Machine
  - Start the washing machine.
  - The washing machine is loud.
  - I did a wash.
  - I have to wash some clothes.

* Dishwasher
  - Load the dishwasher.
  - The dishwasher is broken.

* Curtains
  - Close the curtains.
  - I opened the curtains this morning.

* Trash Can
  - Throw it in the trash can.
  - The trash can is full.