# CONVERSATION N-001

- Hello!
  - How are you?
- I'm fine.
  - And you?
- I'm a little tired.
  - Do you speak English?
- Yes, a little.
  - What's your name?
- My name is Alex.
  - Nice to meet you.
- What are you doing?
  - Nothing.
- Are you free?
- What do you want to do?
  - I'm hungry.
  - I'm thirsty
- Do you want to eat?
  - Let's go eat!
- I have a reservation
  - Please, sit down
- Do you want something to eat?
- Do you want something to drink?
- What's there to eat?
  - I would like a pizza, please.
  - Do you like it?
- I like it.
  - It's delicious.
- Do you want some?
  - Yes, please.
  - No, thanks.
- Thanks for the food.
- You're very kind.
  - How much is that?
- It's cheap!
- It's expensive!
- How was your day?
  - My day was good.
  - My day was bad.
- Where are you from?
  - I'm from the United Sates.
- What city are you from?
  - I'm from New York.
- How's your family?
  - Very good.
  - Very bad.
- Do you have children?
  - Yes, I have two children.
- How many siblings do you have?
  - I have two sisters.
  - I have one brother.
- What are you thinking about?
  - I have to work.
- It's easy.
- It's difficult.
  - What do you study?
- I study French.
  - What do you like to do in your free time?
- I like to watch movies.
  - I like to travel.
- Where do you work?
  - I work in an office.
- What is your job?
  - I am an engineer.
- Do you have pets?
  - Yes, I have a dog.
- What is your favorite movie?
  - My favorite movie is 'The Godfather'.
- What is your favorite music?
  - I like rock music.
- What sports do you like?
  - I like soccer.
- Do you have any hobbies?
  - Yes, I like to paint.
- What's your favorite color?
  - My favorite color is blue.
- How many languages do you speak?
  - I speak three languages.
- Have you traveled outside the country?
  - Yes, I have traveled to Europe.
- Which countries have you visited?
  - I have visited France, Italy and Spain.
- Do you like cooking?
  - Yes, I love cooking.
- Do you have any allergies?
  - Yes, I am allergic to pollen.
- What is your favorite season?
  - My favorite season is autumn.
- Do you prefer coffee or tea?
  - I prefer coffee.
- Do you have any dream to fulfill?
  - Yes, I want to travel around the world.
- Are you a morning person?
- I am more of a night owl.
  - What makes you happy?
- Being with my family and friends makes me happy.
  - What is your favorite place in the world?
- My favorite place is the beach, but my favorite place in the world is Scotland.
  - What is your biggest fear?
- My biggest fear is losing my loved ones.
  - What is your goal in life?
- My goal is to be happy and fulfill myself personally.
  - Do you like dancing?
- Yes, I love dancing.
  - Do you have any special talent?
- Yes, I can play the piano.
  - What is your favorite tv show?
- I like 'Friends'.
  - What makes you laugh?
- Comedies make me laugh.
  - Are you more introverted or extroverted?
- I am a bit introverted.
  - What inspires you?
- Nature and art inpire me.
  - Are you an organized person?
- Yes, I like to have everything in order.
  - What is your ideal vacation spot?
- I would love to go to the Greek island.
  - Are you superstitious?
- No, I'm not superstitious.
  - What do you like to do on a rainy day?
- I like to read a good book.
  - What is your favorite sport?
- I like to watch American football.
  - What is your favorite animal?
- My favorite animal is the dog.
  - Are you more of a beach persons or a mountain person?
- I prefer the mountains.
  - Do you have any object you always carry with you?
- Yes, I always carry my watch.
  - What makes you feel grateful?
- Health and the love of my family make me feel grateful.
  - What is it?
- It's one-twenty.
  - I need to go to the airport.
- What's your phone number?
  - Call me.
- I'll call you.
  - See you later.
- See you soon.
  - Where is the exit?
- Where are the taxis?
  - To the airport, please.
- Goodbye!